Fixed a Secrets Manager SOS issue (#4746)
awsdocs/aws-doc-sdk-examples: javav2/usecases/video_analyzer_application/Readme.md

Reviewer: Is this related to the secrets manager change?

Author: This was put into this PR

Reviewer: Ok, but is it related to the secrets manager change? These look unrelated to me; if so, please separate them into their own PRs. If they are related, please explain why.

> #  Creating an AWS video analyzer application using the AWS SDK for Java

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
#  Create an AWS video analyzer application by using the SDK for Java
```

## Overview

| Heading      | Description |
| ----------- | ----------- |

> | Description | Discusses how to develop a sample web application that analyzes MP4 videos located within an Amazon Simple Storage Service (Amazon S3) bucket by using the AWS SDK for Java V2. This example shows how to perform an asynchronous AWS operation within a web application. |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| Description | Discusses how to develop a sample web application that analyzes MP4 videos located within an Amazon Simple Storage Service (Amazon S3) bucket by using the AWS SDK for Java (v2). This example shows how to perform an asynchronous AWS operation within a web application. |
```

Author: fixed

| Audience   |  Developer (beginner / intermediate)        |
| Updated   | 4/25/2023        |
| Required Skills   | Java, Maven  |

## Purpose

> You can create a web application that analyzes videos for label detection by using the AWS SDK for Java v2. The application created in this AWS tutorial uses the Amazon Rekognition service to analyze the video located in a S3 bucket. The results are used to populate a report that is emailed to a specific user by using the Amazon Simple Email Service (SES).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You can create a web application that analyzes videos for label detection by using the AWS SDK for Java (v2). The application created in this AWS tutorial uses the Amazon Rekognition service to analyze a video that's in an S3 bucket. The results are used to populate a report that is emailed to a specific user by using the Amazon Simple Email Service (Amazon SES).
```

You must create an IAM role and a valid SNS topic. You need to reference these values in the **VideoDetectFaces** class. If you do not set these values, the application that you create does not work. For information, see [Configuring Amazon Rekognition Video](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/rekognition/latest/dg/api-video-roles.html).  

**Note**: You must specify the AWS resource values in the **VideoApplicationResources** class. 

## Understand the AWS Video Analyzer application

> The AWS Video Analyzer application supports viewing video (MP4 file) information that is located in an Amazon S3 bucket. That is, you can confirm that the video is located in the Amazon S3 bucket by choosing the **Show Video** button.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The AWS Video Analyzer application supports viewing video (MP4 file) information that's in an S3 bucket. You can confirm that the video is located in the S3 bucket by choosing the **Show Video** button.
```

![AWS Video Analyzer](images/video.png)

To generate a report, enter an email address and choose **Analyze Video**. A mask is displayed to let the user know the report is being created. 

![AWS Video Analyzer](images/videoReport.png)

> **Note:** Depending upon the size of the video, this may take a few minutes. To test this functionality, keep the video under 20 seconds. Also, there can only be one video in the Amazon S3 bucket. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
**Note:** Depending on the size of the video, this might take a few minutes. To test this functionality, make the video less than 20 seconds long. Also, there can only be one video in the S3 bucket. 
```

            ListObjectsResponse res = s3.listObjects(listObjects);
            List<S3Object> objects = res.contents();
            for (S3Object myValue : objects) {
                myItem = new BucketItem();
                myItem.setKey(myValue.key());
                myItem.setOwner(myValue.owner().displayName());
                sizeLg = myValue.size() / 1024;
                myItem.setSize(String.valueOf(sizeLg));
                DateIn = myValue.lastModified();
                myItem.setDate(String.valueOf(DateIn));

>                 // Push the items to the list

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
                // Push the items to the list.
```

import jxl.format.UnderlineStyle;
import jxl.write.Label;
import jxl.write.Number;
import jxl.write.WritableCellFormat;
import jxl.write.WritableFont;
import jxl.write.WritableSheet;
import jxl.write.WritableWorkbook;
import jxl.write.WriteException;
import org.springframework.stereotype.Component;
import java.io.ByteArrayOutputStream;
import java.io.IOException;
import java.util.List;
import java.util.Locale;

@Component
public class WriteExcel {
    private WritableCellFormat timesBoldUnderline;
    private WritableCellFormat times;

    // Returns an InputStream that represents the Excel Report.
    public java.io.InputStream exportExcel( List<FaceItems> list) {
        try {
            return write(list);
        } catch(WriteException | IOException e) {
            e.printStackTrace();
        }
        return null;
    }

    // Generates the report and returns an inputstream.
    public java.io.InputStream write( List<FaceItems> list) throws IOException, WriteException {
        ByteArrayOutputStream os = new java.io.ByteArrayOutputStream() ;
        WorkbookSettings wbSettings = new WorkbookSettings();
        wbSettings.setLocale(new Locale("en", "EN"));

>         // Create a Workbook - pass the OutputStream.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
        // Create a Workbook and pass the OutputStream.
```

        WritableWorkbook workbook = Workbook.createWorkbook(os, wbSettings);

        //Need to get the WorkItem from each list.
        workbook.createSheet("Video Analyzer Sheet", 0);
        WritableSheet excelSheet = workbook.getSheet(0);
        createLabel(excelSheet);
        createContent(excelSheet, list);

        // Close the workbook.
        workbook.write();
        workbook.close();

>         // Get an InputStram that represents the Report.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
        // Get an InputStream that represents the Report.
```

        java.io.ByteArrayOutputStream stream = new ByteArrayOutputStream();
        stream = os;
        byte[] myBytes = stream.toByteArray();
        return new java.io.ByteArrayInputStream(myBytes);
    }

    // Create Headings in the Excel spreadsheet.
    private void createLabel(WritableSheet sheet)
            throws WriteException {

>         // Create a times font.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
        // Create a Times font.
```

        WritableFont times10pt = new WritableFont(WritableFont.TIMES, 10);
        // Define the cell format.
        times = new WritableCellFormat(times10pt);

>         // Lets automatically wrap the cells.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
        // Automatically wrap the cells.
```

        times.setWrap(true);

>         // create create a bold font with unterlines.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
        // Create a bold font with underlines.
```

        WritableFont times10ptBoldUnderline = new WritableFont(WritableFont.TIMES, 10, WritableFont.BOLD, false,
                UnderlineStyle.SINGLE);
        timesBoldUnderline = new WritableCellFormat(times10ptBoldUnderline);

>         // Lets automatically wrap the cells.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
        // Automatically wrap the cells.
```

                count++;
        }
        return count;
    }
}
 ```
 
 ### VideoApplicationResources class

> The following Java code represents the **VideoApplicationResources** class. Make suee that you specify the correct AWS resource files.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The following Java code represents the **VideoApplicationResources** class. Make sure to specify the correct AWS resource files.
```
